it's been bloody it's been brutal and
intense and it could go on for two more
months Israeli media reports the Army
wants 3 to four weeks to conduct
operations in an around Kan Yunis before
it concentrates its war on the south of
Gaza and that could take a further month
one expert told Al jazer a long War
could mean a short peace you might
eliminates more militants Hamas militant
we might even capture the leaders of of
Hamas in Gaza but what is the plan
Beyond it and by alienating the
Palestinians the Palestinians in Gaza in
the West Bank as well and probably the
region they yeah but there might be some
tactical achievements but strategically
if Israel wants to live in peace with
its neighbors and first and for almost
with the Palestinians they might
actually cause more harm than than any
good Israel's defenseman Minister has
already spoken about a long and
difficult battle in Gaza and at the end
of the ceasefire talked about two more
months of intense
fighting I expect that at least in the
next month or two in December and
January and even after that that there
will be intense and powerful
fighting but the idea of the fighting
stretching beyond the end of the year
will concern America in Contra although
veto a ceasefire call at the United
Nations on Friday it has urged the
Israeli government to wrap up operations
before the end of the
year the worldwide protests against the
war have grown as the number of dead in
Gaza continues to rise Anthony blinkin
the US Secretary of State has been to
Israel to speak to the Israelis about
the next stage in the war when told it
could go on to January or Beyond he
reportedly told the war cabinet you
don't have enough credit
the US insists it hasn't given any firm
deadline to the end of the war even as
it's concerned about the growing number
of Civilian
deaths Israel has made it clear it will
fight the war it
wants no matter how long it
takes Alan fiser Al jazer in occupied
East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer